says Philly is wake up
Hodder shared swing sandbags nobody's
acting right one ball on the playground
that's the fight just get back to life
back back to reality relax some tight
and I'll lack personality go ash come
nice I heard a bad word about him he's a
splash of life I missed the trash this
round see I play back position display
wraps efficient while they lack
conviction if it may ask assistance just
lay back and listen Kay okay back to
business they thought we'd never come
out like those ain't bad in prison but
we came back with a disability nominal
songs George Bush Guantanamo gone with
full throttle is on I can meningitis she
more me raise my mood Abbas Obama Saddam
Osama is Lana beggin they dishonor the
South get your grid on and it
get it hot that pot you could not get a
lid on so rock this with your rims going
and walking with your headphones I'll
cover them with red dots when I got them
in the dead zone when I rock them
everybody gonna stop him I don't have to
get a pop in pop rock and official
Boston back to the Los Angeles and
Austin I'm scheming their cotton meeting
they give you a reason they're watching
killing the beat when they drop in to
relieve inner peace and prosperity an
entry to get my murky on Plus are these
little rappers is just some in the
skater on fucking tea are we on another
level you gotta love it pop it in the
deck and then drill me what you thought
of it but it could be misconstrued and
stick right into something just be sure
to keep into the rotation riding and
bumping something local hopefully I'll
booming your damn pants back with less
insisted before to in the 10-man I'm
sleeping and eating perverted him is
maintained but I be in the feet in the
face cuz the can-can my time is today
cater to the masses and all while I'm
using to give the gap the biggest - in
the wall bigger they come harder they
fall imbalance like three pegs now we
get bountiful this one out on some dance
but she said it's a celebration bitches
we give a reason the party but life is
more than child support bitches and
sippin Bacardi right is better believe
it's on the light whatever this team is
on the mic we got a rocking like
somebody get up and down in my
Weaver sight hitting his verses while
looking dapper respond you'll be got
handsome with the fat down to miss comes
to hacking
you know